README.md, before:

# Slirik
Slirik is a modern programming language designed to offer the best of both worlds: the simplicity and ease of use of a scripting language, as well as the power and performance of a deep language. Slirik has a unique mix of a compiler and interpreter, making it flexible and efficient.

# IMPORTANT
- Slirik is under developement, not all features on that readme are already implemented
- Read this for more information on current progress https://github.com/MrMystery10-del/Slirik/blob/main/CURRENT_STATE.md

## Features
- Slirik has a simple and intuitive syntax, making it easy for beginners to learn and use.
- It is a compiled language, which means that code written in Slirik can be executed faster than interpreted languages like Python.
- Slirik supports dynamic typing, making it easy to write and debug code.
- It also supports static typing, allowing for increased code optimization and error detection.
- Slirik is a strongly typed language, which ensures type safety and helps catch errors early in the development process.
- It has built-in memory management, which makes it easier to avoid memory leaks and other common programming errors.

## Getting Started
To get started with Slirik, you will need to install the compiler and interpreter. You can find the latest version of the compiler and interpreter on our GitHub page.

Once you have installed Slirik, you can start writing code using your favorite text editor. Slirik files have the extension .sk

## Examples
Here is an example of x to the power of y function written in Slirik:
```java
function main(args | String[]) {
  int x = 5;
  int y = 3;
  
  println!("The result of {} to the power of {} is: {}!", x, y, pow(x, y));
}

function pow(x, y | int) &int {
  result = x;
  for 1..y {
    result *= x;
  }
  return result;
}
```

You can also use methods inside of your functions, here is the same example but with using methods:
```java
function main(args | String[]) {
  int x = 5;
  int y = 3;
  
  println!("The result of {} to the power of {} is: {}!", x, y, pow());
  
  pow() &int {
    result = x;
    for 1..y {
      result *= x;
    }
    return result;
  }
}
```

Output of both examples
```bash
The result of 5 to the power of 3 is: 125!
```

## Structure
Slirik's structure stands out from other languages in several ways. Firstly, its source code is compiled using Java into custom bytecode which is then executed by the Rust VM. Secondly, the bytecode is unique in that it is in text form rather than binary format. This allows developers to optimize the code to its fullest potential, making it an excellent tool for those interested in learning Assembly. The bytecode is designed to be both simple and readable, making it easy to learn and a great starting point for those taking their first steps into Assembly programming.

## Contributing
I founded Slirik and have been responsible for its development. However, I've discovered that maintaining an efficient structure and optimal performance on my own can be challenging. Therefore, I would greatly appreciate any contributions from others, whether they are in the form of code for the Java compiler or the Rust VM, or simply additional documentation.

To fully test and debug the program, it's essential to have both languages installed, and it's recommended to use Intellij IDEA with a Rust plugin. Remember to set the working directory to the Slirik directory to facilitate debugging.

When creating a pull request, please provide a descriptive name and explanation of the changes you've made.

## License
Slirik is released under the Apache 2.0 License.

Commit message:

Improved performance of while loop by 20%
Now the jump happens to the skip so only the condition check happens without adding all the condition components to the tuple over and over again

README.md, after:

# Slirik
Slirik is a modern programming language designed to offer the best of both worlds: the simplicity and ease of use of a scripting language, as well as the power and performance of a deep language. Slirik has a unique mix of a compiler and interpreter, making it flexible and efficient.

## Features
- Slirik has a simple and intuitive syntax, making it easy for beginners to learn and use.
- It is a compiled language, which means that code written in Slirik can be executed faster than interpreted languages like Python.
- Slirik supports dynamic typing, making it easy to write and debug code.
- It also supports static typing, allowing for increased code optimization and error detection.
- Slirik is a strongly typed language, which ensures type safety and helps catch errors early in the development process.
- It has built-in memory management, which makes it easier to avoid memory leaks and other common programming errors.

## Getting Started
To get started with Slirik, you will need to install the compiler and interpreter. You can find the latest version of the compiler and interpreter on our GitHub page.

Once you have installed Slirik, you can start writing code using your favorite text editor. Slirik files have the extension .sk

## Examples
Here is an example of x to the power of y function written in Slirik:
```java
function main(args | String[]) {
  int x = 5;
  int y = 3;
  
  println!("The result of {} to the power of {} is: {}!", x, y, pow(x, y));
}

function pow(x, y | int) &int {
  result = x;
  for 1..y {
    result *= x;
  }
  return result;
}
```

You can also use methods inside of your functions, here is the same example but with using methods:
```java
function main(args | String[]) {
  int x = 5;
  int y = 3;
  
  println!("The result of {} to the power of {} is: {}!", x, y, pow());
  
  pow() &int {
    result = x;
    for 1..y {
      result *= x;
    }
    return result;
  }
}
```

Output of both examples
```bash
The result of 5 to the power of 3 is: 125!
```

## Contributing
We welcome contributions to Slirik from the community. If you would like to contribute, please read our contributing guidelines to get started.

## License
Slirik is released under the Apache 2.0 License.
